on the fences no more i write in
as an experiment went to
Ekaterinburg now play these easy
wipe out the city no matter how hard they try
who does this pack are driving decorates the walls
paint who has a hand and rags
street art figured out Maria Goat
new metro stations Chkalovskaya Smolevo
the best daylight right before the eyes of indignant
citizens after a couple of pshikov
cans of clean granite paint
tile seems
irrevocably spoiled
caused graffiti
now witness ugliness surprised
plain damp wash
one of the most resistant paints
team cars and facing again clean
stripes neve even avid graffiti
Mrs. tells me to occupy myself so I am not
saw
then books
secret in a special anti-vandal
coating now cleaner handle it
walls of the transition from the station Chkalovskaya
the material is applied by ordinary builders
28 break in 4 6 hours
can not be shifted
composed of a miracle means bullet measures it
Balakin their material will be such a furnace
granite and marble and does not allow paint
street artists eat from such
mixtures are not advised to cover except
the glass becomes cloudy
he allows
even
increase sales of some materials
protects against such as
imperceptible to the eye
illegal art incorruption
already processed facades
several houses of the shops of the present
Subway plans to handle all
underground passages to quickly lose
the message of the vandals while you take off is not fighting
one day
today in the freedom salon ura world
put several layers on the table
under article terrorist attack however get rid of
mother's body count performance in law
in this way is unlikely to succeed
one and the same place is now possible
use over and over it is big
seduction for hooligans but will appear in jsc
a place where you can zoo come to draw
tomorrow you are watching the show painted again
even if those are your job yesterday
did not like
flush off with a new dog turn
you can really endlessly cover
serve 10 years
they have already found a new use
future anti-vandal
the cover should solve one more
problem of malnutrition about
pillar award announcement
if for example on ordinary
raw debt
paper ads with glue
pencil stick
well enough not last long but
she handled the first from home already
appeared on Uralmash on the street
communist ad glue
of course you can
really keeps somoni very well and
spend probably not long
according to him the medics move news forty
first channel